  A small code base has already been written for you. In particular, we
  provide you with the interface, as well as a basic vector library.
  
  The "data" folder and the files "read_obj.js" and "read_tga.js" are only used in Exercise 2, so don't worry about them for Exercise 1.
  
  To run the framework, you need to start raytracer.html in your browser (recent versions of Firefox and Chrome are supported, don't use IE)
  
  We recommend you to take a look at the code and read through the comments. You can start coding in "src/raytracer.js"

  To export your rendered images as PNG, just click Export. It will download the image.



  This module encapsulates some basic features of a ray tracer. The current scene is a big red sphere and a small blue sphere.
  To run the different moduls, send the ID as a GET parameter (An example execution to run module B2: raytracer.html?B2)

	A1: Basic features
		-> Ray casting
		-> Ray-object intersection
		-> Shadows
		-> Phong lighting model
	B1: Specular reflection and specular refraction
	B2: Anti-aliasing
		-> random sampling 
		-> 16 samples per pixel
	B3: Quadrics
		-> scene is a big ellipic cylinder and a small blue ellipsoid
		-> Ray-object intersection
		-> Shadows
		-> Phong lighting model
	B4: Stereoscopic rendering
	B5: Depth of Field
	C1: Boolean operations
		The Objects in the scene are a intersection between two blue spheres and a red Hemisphere.
	C2: Texture mapping and bump mapping
		In this scene a animation of the earth and the moon is rendert. We use Texture and bumpmapping for this purpose.
		To avoid aliasing the use mipmaping. To calculated witch size we should use, we use the distance and the sphere radius.
	C3: Triangle meshes
		In this module the spher.obj file is loaded. For each Vertex the normals are calculated, using a wighted average (size of the triangle).
		The triangles are shade with a simple phongshader.
	D1: Octree
		In this scene we create 1000 spheres and insert them in a Octree. The octree goes from (-1000, -1000, -1000) to (1000, 1000, 1000) and have as 
		termination criteria the maximum leaf depth (10).
	D2: Area lights
		In this module the want to create soft shadows. That for the created a disk  centered at (10,10,10) with radius 1 and oriented to face the origin.
		The use 50 samples on the arealight.
	D3: Ambient occlusion
		In this scene we want to create ambient occlusion and that for the create a hemisphere with radius 15 over the scene. (the same sphere as in module C3 
		and a ground plane). To create the ambient occlusion the use 50 samples on hemisphere.
		
